[API Execution Metrics] Add Main Widget & Remove Integration Widgets (#34691)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonDashboards/ReleaseNotes/1_7_0.md

#### Dashboards

##### API Execution Metrics

> Replaced integration-specific widgets showing API Metrics with the ***API Call Metrics*** and ***API Call Results for Email Category*** widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaced integration-specific widgets showing API metrics with the **API Call Metrics** and **API Call Results for Email Category** widgets.
```

#### Dashboards

##### API Execution Metrics

> - Removed API call metrics widgets for specific integration.
> - Added the following widgets ***API Metrics*** and ***API Call Results for Email Category***.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replaced integration-specific widgets showing API Metrics with the ***API Metrics*** and ***API Call Results for Email Category*** widgets.
```
